
    x A menu with at least two buttons
    x    One must start the game by loading the first level
    x    One must quit the game and close the application
    x A first-person character controller with any mobile control UI removed
    x A health system that
    x    Displays the current health of the player (i.e. 100/100) as a UI element
    x    Reduces the player's health whenever they receive damage (i.e. from an enemy attack, by entering a hazard zone, etc.).
    x    Displays a “Game Over” screen whenever the player reaches 0 or less health
    x        This screen should also have two buttons
    x            Restart, which resets the current scene
    x            Quit, which returns to the main menu scene
    x A projectile or raycast interaction system. The exact nature of this system is up to you, but it must:
    x    Use projectiles or raycasts
    x    Upon hitting another object of interest, affect that object in some way. For example:
    x        Deal damage to an enemy
    x        Allow the player to “pick up” an object by handing it to them
    x Locked doors that open when the player has completed a goal (i.e., killing all enemies in a room, bringing a key from one location to another, etc.).
    x Minimum 3 levels
    x    The first one should be loaded when the player presses the Play/Start button in the menu
    x    The other two must automatically load when the player completes a goal
    x        This could be getting to the end of the level, collecting powerups, etc.
    x    Each level must contain geometry that the player can jump around on
    x    After completing the last level, the game must automatically load the menu

 

For the final submission, you will need to upload a .zip archive with the following:

    A folder with an executable version of your project for Windows (if you do not submit a Windows .exe with the associated .dll and data files/folders then you will receive a zero!)
    A PDF with:
        A link to a Github Repo or cloud drive link containing your Unity project files (i.e. the folder of files that you open with Unity)
        A link to a video of your final game running (this must be a screen capture using something like OBS, if you upload a phone video of your PC screen you will receive a zero on this assignment)
        A maximum 1 page discussion on how you interpreted the theme as well as any other relevant notes on how to play (i.e. control scheme). 
    If you use any assets from the asset store or from other online resources please also provide a list of links to these resources.
